App Sec mentions across SP docs (#12998)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/_index.md

Bring speed and scale to your production security operations. Datadog’s Security Platform delivers real-time threat detection, and continuous configuration audits across applications, hosts, containers, and cloud infrastructure. Coupled with the greater Datadog observability platform, the Datadog security platform brings unprecedented integration between security and operations aligned to your organizations shared goals.

The Datadog Security Platform includes [Application Security](#application-security), [Cloud SIEM](#security-monitoring), [Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM)](#cloud-security-posture-management), and [Cloud Workload Security (CWS)](#cloud-workload-security).

{{< vimeo 408512902 >}}
</br>

## Application Security

<div class="alert alert-warning">
Application Security is in public beta. See the <a href="https://app.datadoghq.com/security/appsec?instructions=all">in-app instructions</a> to get started.
</div>

> [Application Security][7] monitors application-level attacks aiming to exploit code-level vulnerabilities, such as Server-Side-Request-Forgery (SSRF), SQL injection, Log4Shell, and Reflected Cross-Site-Scripting (XSS). Application Security leverages Datadog [APM][1], the [Datadog Agent][2], and in-app detection rules to detect threats in your application environment.

Author: ```suggestion
[Application Security][7] monitors application-level attacks aiming to exploit code-level vulnerabilities, such as Server-Side-Request-Forgery (SSRF), SQL injection, Log4Shell, and Reflected Cross-Site-Scripting (XSS). Application Security leverages Datadog [APM][8], the [Datadog Agent][9], and in-app detection rules to detect threats in your application environment.
```

[4]: /security_platform/cspm/
[5]: /security_platform/cloud_workload_security/
[6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration

> [7]: /security_platform/application_security/

Author: ```suggestion
[7]: /security_platform/application_security/
[8]: /tracing/
[9]: /agent/
```
